welcome back to movie on
today i'm going to explain the movie
called the lore from 2015.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it
the story begins with the year 1980. a
rock band named figs and dates is on the
beach
the members of the band were having fun
while singing a song
two girls are in the water and they were
mermaids
they started singing with them
two of the band members were almost
hypnotized by their song
the mermaid has a special ability they
can hypnotize anyone with their voice
afterward two of the band members
started going towards the mermaids
a woman came there and started screaming
after seeing them the scene changed here
and the team members brought those
mermaids into a club
they are in human body shape because
their body becomes a human body after
they get out of the water
a man sprayed some water on their body
and slowly they turned into a mermaid
the club owner was surprised after
seeing this
since this was a nightclub the owner
gave them the job as backup singers and
strippers
their names were golden and silver and
they started to live with the band
members of figs and dates
and just like that they started to
hypnotize more people with their voice
as a result their nightclub became
popular and they were gaining more and
more customers
because whoever listened to their song
would always come back to the club to
listen again
and it kept going on all of the
customers of the club discovered that
these singers were actual mermaids
because golden and silver came in front
of them in their mermaid shape
and all of the customers were surprised
to see them in their mermaid shape
while they were doing this silver fell
in love with a member of figs and dates
his name was maya tech but maya tech
didn't love her he acted like he loved
her but he did it for his own benefit
silver had a body like a human but she
didn't have sexual parts like a human
and that's why they were in love but
they can never be in a physical
relationship with each other
but silver's sister golden didn't like
the relationship between maya tech and
silver at all
because she started to think that now
she's all alone maya tech took her
sister from her she was suffocating
about it but golden also thought maybe
silver was acting as if she loves maya
tech so she can eat him at one point
golden asked silver are you going to eat
maya tech
but silver told her no i would never do
this because i love him we found out
from their conversation that the
mermaids kill humans and eat them
it was confirmed that day when golden
went out with a man the man took her to
an empty beach
but golden eats the man alive
on the other hand silver was looking for
maya tech when she heard his voice from
the washroom she saw that my tech was
inside the washroom with krisha they
were kissing each other silver felt bad
after seeing this but still she stood
outside and waited for maya tech
but when maya attack came out silver
didn't ask him anything about krisha
instead she took him to the washroom and
took off her clothes
she turned into a mermaid and she asked
him to come closer to her when maya tech
came closer to her he told her you're
just an animal in my eyes and you're
actually a mermaid and that's why i
can't do things with you that you want
me to do but silver started singing and
as a result maya tech was becoming
attracted to her
and they kissed each other after some
time a guy named triton in the club he
was also a sea creature
he introduced himself as a singer of a
metal band he told golden that your
sister silver is getting too attracted
towards my tech he also told her if your
sister really fell in love with my
attack and my attack does not love her
back then silver will turn into sea foam
if she cuts off her tail she will lose
the power of singing as well she will
never be able to sing anymore golden
told everything to silver but silver
didn't care about any of her words
on the other hand the police were
investigating the death of the man whom
silver had eaten that night
the police had doubts about golden
that's why a police officer was always
keeping an eye on her
she asked her about the murder but
golden started singing and hypnotized
the police officer
the scene changed and someone was
watching the news on tv
in the news they were talking about the
murder of the man
but we know that none other than golden
was responsible for that murder we see
the police officer who was talking to
golden last night she said the body was
eaten by the dogs and other animals she
didn't say anything about golden
she also said we will surely find a
witness we will investigate further
about this murder after finding the
witness
but silver knew golden killed that man
they started fighting over it
percoceta punched them in the face after
watching them fighting both of them
fainted he thought they were dead he
covered their body with a piece of cloth
and threw them into the river
actually they were not dead they were
alive
after they got out of the water they
killed some people and ate them they
came back to the club
percoceta asked them to forgive him and
told them to forgive him about
everything that happened
while he was saying sorry to them he
kissed golden's hand
golden told him we are not mad and
immediately ate one of his fingers
and once again they got back to the band
in the next scene silver was deeply in
love with maya tech but he doesn't love
her at all silver decided to cut her
tail off as a result she will turn into
a normal human being they could live
together silver cut her tail off and
added human legs to her body but as a
result she had lost her voice
now she will never be able to sing again
so many months have passed after the
operation and she could move with the
help of a wheelchair at last she was
able to use her legs
my attack came there with some flowers
after that they started having sex with
each other my attack had some blood on
his body due to the wound in silver's
body from the operation maya tech was
disgusted after seeing this and he
didn't want to stay with her anymore he
broke up with silver because he was
disgusted and he didn't want to do this
with her anymore but silver did not take
it lightly because she had lost her tail
and her voice because of my attack
she loved him so much
after some time maya tech met a girl in
a recording studio
they fell in love with each other
after some time they got married as well
silver was sad after seeing this because
she was sitting there and watching her
ex-boyfriend getting married to someone
else
she became broken and depressed
but golden and triton realized that now
silver will turn into seafoam because
the one she loved the most has been
married to someone else
triton and golden told her to kill maya
tech before the sunrise
if you don't do this you will turn into
sea foam
the next morning silver went to maya
tech
they started dancing with each other but
silver tried many times to kill him but
she couldn't do it because she loved him
so much
right after the sunrise she turned into
foam in my tech's arms but maya tech had
no idea what just happened to her golden
saw this and got mad at him
because her sister silver died because
of my tech and that's why golden killed
him and she went back to the ocean
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen
and don't forget to let me know how you
feel about today's video in the comments
down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks